#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements_dev.txt requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
autoflake==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-storage-blob==12.24.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-storages
black==24.10.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
brotli==1.1.0
    # via geventhttpclient
build==1.2.2.post1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   pip-tools
configargparse==1.7
    # via locust
coverage[toml]==7.6.8
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
django==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-datetime-utc
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-storages
    #   model-bakery
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-datetime-utc==1.0.4
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-filter==24.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-import-export==4.3.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-leaflet==0.31.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
django-storages[azure]==1.14.4
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-factoryboy
faker==33.1.0
    # via factory-boy
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-login
    #   locust
flask-cors==5.0.0
    # via locust
flask-login==0.6.3
    # via locust
gevent==24.11.1
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   locust
geventhttpclient==2.3.3
    # via locust
google-api-core==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.36.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via gevent
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via pytest-factoryboy
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipython==8.29.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via flask
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
locust==2.32.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
model-bakery==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
msal==1.31.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via locust
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-factoryboy
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.0.0
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pip-tools==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   locust
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via autoflake
pygments==2.18.0
    # via ipython
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   msal
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   josepy
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-factoryboy
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-factoryboy==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-datetime-utc
    #   faker
    #   time-machine
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r ./requirements.txt
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via locust
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   locust
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   azure-core
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.5.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tablib==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
time-machine==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   locust
    #   pip-tools
    #   pytest
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   black
    #   faker
    #   ipython
    #   locust
    #   pytest-factoryboy
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
    #   locust
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==24.3.1
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==75.6.0
    # via
    #   -r ./requirements.txt
    #   locust
    #   pip-tools
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
