#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
amsterdam-django-oidc==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via django
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.10.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.11.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-keyvault
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-storages
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
diff-match-patch==20241021
    # via django-import-export
django==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-datetime-utc
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-leaflet
    #   django-storages
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-datetime-utc==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==4.3.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-leaflet==0.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[azure]==1.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.10
    # via requests
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
josepy==2.1.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via amsterdam-django-oidc
msal==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.15
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pytz==2025.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   opencensus
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tablib==3.8.0
    # via django-import-export
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-storage-blob
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uwsgi==2.0.30
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via opencensus-ext-requests
